kubernetesProxy invoke AuthenticationStrategies (#20171)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/two-dingos-dream.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-backend': patch
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-react': patch
---

> The kubernetes APIs invokes Authentication Strategies when Backstage-Kubernetes-Authorization-X-X headers are provided, this enable the possibility to invoke strategies that executes additional steps to get a kubernetes token like on pinniped or custom strategies

Reviewer: English stuff
```suggestion
The proxy endpoint now invokes its Authentication Strategy by passing request auth data from headers of the form `Backstage-Kubernetes-Authorization-<strategyID>-*`. This enables proxying requests to clusters whose authentication strategies must execute additional steps to get a Kubernetes credential, e.g. Pinniped or other custom strategies.
```
